MSR - Update changelog for 2.0.0 stuff (#6704)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

### Metroid: Samus Returns

- Added: New door types: `Access Open` and `Lightning Armor`. Access Open adds new doors to most 3-Tile high open transitions, which can then be shuffled. Lightning Armor doors can be opened with a Lightning Melee.

> - Changed: The popup when collecting an item has been removed, and has been replaced with an asynchronous message that does not interrupt gameplay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed: The popup when collecting an item has been removed, and has been replaced with a message that does not interrupt gameplay.
```

async is tech jargon

- Changed: Area 1 - Inner Temple East Hall - The top crumble block no longer respawns to help prevent a possible softlock in Door Lock Rando.
- Changed: When collecting a Reserve Tank, the HUD will now properly update instead of disabling the bottom screen.

> - Changed: Area 4 Crystal Mines - Tsumuri Tunnel - The collision of the right wall has been extended past the door, allowing for the upper door in Mines Entrance to be shuffled in Door Lock Rando.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed: Area 4 Crystal Mines - Tsumuri Tunnel - The upper door in Mines Entrance can now be shuffled in Door Lock Rando.
```

Rest is unneeded info

- Fixed: Starting at Area 3 Factory Exterior - Beam Burst Chamber & Tsumuri Station no longer spawns Samus out of bounds.
- Fixed: The Laser Aim cosmetic options UI no longer exports the wrong colors and has been simplified.
- Fixed: The item in Area 7 - Omega Arena South Access no longer disappears after defeating the Omega in Area 7 - Omega Arena South.

> - Fixed: Case where PBs would not be disabled when fighting Diggernaut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Case where Power Bombs would not be disabled when fighting Diggernaut.
```
